# Version 1.15

## Version 1.15

Release Date: September 10, 2023 (SaaS)

### Hightlights

#### Dedicated PII Redaction Templates Per Agent Pool

With the introduction of PII Redaction Templates, Lightrun now supports additional granularity for utilizing PII Redaction effectively. You can either establish a single default PII Redaction template to be applied to all your agents or alternatively create and assign distinct PII Redaction templates for different agent pools. 
For example, if you would like to apply PII Redaction only on a Production environment and not on Development or Staging.

To help you get started with configuring your PII redaction on Agent Pools, we provide a single Default template on the PII Redaction page which serves as a starting point for creating your templates. Note that it does not contain any predefined patterns and is not assigned to any agent pools. For more information, see [Assigning PII Redaction templates to Agent Pools](https://docs.lightrun.com/rbac/agent-pool-pii-redaction/).

### Features and Enhancements

#### JetBrains Plugin: Copy and Paste Actions Enhancement

We offer an easy and more efficient way to insert Lightrun actions using 'Copy and Paste' within your JetBrains IDE, which allows developers to easily reuse existing actions in multiple locations within your code. This new functionality applies to all Lightrun action types, including Lightrun [snapshots](https://docs.lightrun.com/snapshots-plugin/), [metrics](https://docs.lightrun.com/metrics/), and [logs](https://docs.lightrun.com/logs/). It simplifies the task of reviving expired actions or duplicating actions which have non-trivial conditions and/or watch expressions.

#### VSCode Plugin: Duplicate User Actions Enhancement

Introducing the new `Duplicate` action within your VSCode IDE, which allows developers to easily reuse existing actions in multiple locations within your code. This new functionality applies to all Lightrun action types including Lightrun [snapshots](https://docs.lightrun.com/vscode/vscode-plugin-snapshots/#viewing-and-editing-a-snapshot-configuration), [metrics](https://docs.lightrun.com/vscode/vscode-plugin-metrics/#managing-metrics), and [logs](https://docs.lightrun.com/vscode/vscode-plugin-dynamic-logs/#managing-logs), simplyfying the task of creating non-trivial conditions and/or watch expressions.

#### VSCode Plugin: GoTo Code Line Enhancement 

The Lightrun VSCode plugin's `Go-to-code` line capabilities have been improved. You can now navigate to an action’s code line from the Lightrun Console, Actions tab, and Snapshot Hits tab; we’ve also added the ability to select a code line if an action returns multiple options. To learn more about the Lightrun VSCode plugin, see the [VSCode plugin quick tour guide](https://docs.lightrun.com/vscode/vscode-plugin-quick-tour/).

#### Java Agent: Gain Java Class Indexing Control

With the introduction of these new parameters, you can now actively control which Java classes will be indexed or not by Lightrun:

- `lightrun_exclude_class_path` : Avoids indexing unnecessary classes that are pointed by the `CLASSPATH` environment setting.       
  This, in turn, helps in reducing unnecessary strain on the CPU and memory when the Java agent is launched.
- `Index_compressed_archives` : Includes not only Java archives, such as JAR, WAR and EAR files, but also compressed archives in 
   ZIP format.
- `lightrun_extra_class_path_delimiter` and `lightrun_exclude_class_path_delimiter`: Sets a non-default delimiters to the list set 
  in `lightrun_extra_class_path` and `lightrun_exclude_class_path` (respectively).

For more information, see [Java Agent Configuration](https://docs.lightrun.com/jvm/agent-configuration/#additional-command-line-flags).


### Bug Fixes

#### JetBrains Plugin

- Fixed an issue where copying stack frames did not copy the class package but rather the object reference. 
- Fixed an issue in multi-project environments, where searching for files did not search all the projects.

#### .NET Agent
- Fixed an issue where cyclic object references were not properly handled.



