# Version 1.10

## Version 1.10

Release Date: February 14, 2023 (SaaS)

### Features & Changes

#### Lightrun LogOptimizer(™)

- We are excited to announce the release of Lightrun LogOptimizer(™). The Lightrun LogOptimizer(™) is an automated log optimization solution that scans your current code, or entire codebase, for potential logging issues and returns a message explaining the suspected cases with suggestions on how to fix the logging problem directly from within your IDE. The Lightrun LogOptimizer(™) aims to help reduce noise generated by overlogging and the overall costs of logging. For more information, see [Lightrun LogOptimizer(TM)](/logoptimizer/overview/).

#### .NET Agent

- The Lightrun .NET agent is now available in Early Access. With the Lightrun .NET agent, you can add Logs and Snapshots to your .NET applications, including frameworks like .NET Core and .NET Framework, at runtime without the need for hot restarts or redeployments. Lightrun users interested in trying out the new Lightrun .NET agent should contact [our support team](https://go.lightrun.com/contact-us) for more information.

#### Role-Based Access Control

- The extended Lightrun Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) feature is now available in Early Access. The extended RBAC feature allows Lightrun customers to restrict access or grant permissions to users within their organization with Groups, Agent Pools, and Roles. Lightrun users interested in trying out the RBAC feature should contact [our support team](https://go.lightrun.com/contact-us) for more information.

#### General

- We have added the ability to share snapshot hits data with a URL link. The URL link can be copied or exported into a Slack or Jira message format to be shared on Slack or Jira from any of our IDE plugins and the Management Portal. For more information, see [Snapshots](/actions/snapshots/).

- You can now select specific integrations like Prometheus as your action output target when creating Lightrun actions from your IDE plugin. This option makes it easier to configure where you want to view your action output in addition to the Lightrun Console. For more information, see [Action Output Target](/actions/output-routing/).

#### VSCode Plugin

- We have made some improvements to the VSCode Snapshots tab:
  * Lightrun users can now view snapshot hits created by other users in their organization. This change will make it easier to get debugging inputs from colleagues and facilitate cross-team collaboration.
  * Snapshot hits data now load lazily from the Lightrun server. This process will help to reduce snapshot hits data load time considerably, offer greater troubleshooting visibility through a larger variable tree depth, and reduce memory usage by the Lightrun VSCode plugin.
  * We have added the ability to search a snapshot stack trace and variables.

#### JetBrains Plugin

- We have made enhancements to the JetBrains Log console. We have added the Filename and Line to the log output format, which users can click to navigate to the relevant action using the **goto** action. This change will help to improve the overall troubleshooting experience in your JetBrains IDE.

#### Lightrun CLI

- You can now configure the Lightrun CLI to return data in a JSON format. To do that, add the `j` or `json` flag to the CLI command. For more information, see [Lightrun CLI](/cli/cli_reference/). 

#### JVM Agent

- The Lightrun JVM agent now supports JDK 18 and JDK 19. 

### Bug Fixes

-  Fixed Lightrun java agent returns an error when file has a common name with other files.
