# Version 1.25

## Version 1.25.0

**Release Date**: 29 January, 2024 (SaaS, On-Premise to follow the next week)

!!! note
    This release applies to SaaS and On-Premise. The On-Premise release incorporates all the content introduced in the preceding SaaS versions 1.23.x, as well as 1.24.0. Additionally, both releases incorporate the bug fixes and security fixes introduced in this release.

### Feature Enhancements

#### LogOptimizer Major Enhancements 

<sup>On-Premise: Introduced in this version | SaaS: From version 1.24</sup>

We have taken the Lightrun LogOptimizer solution to the next level by introducing the following enhancements:

- A shiny and intuitive new UI.
- Aggregated filtered results.
- Ability to filter results by path.
- Go to the suspected logging statement directly from the scan results.
- Ability to delete a log directly from the LogOptimizer.
For more information, see [LogOptimizer Overview](/logoptimizer/overview/).

#### Private System API Keys Support

<sup>On-Premise: Introduced in this version | SaaS: From version 1.24</sup>

We have introduced private system API Keys with AES-128 encryption. This significant enhancement adds an extra layer of security to the application's communication. With this feature, users can now generate API keys through the Lightrun Management Server, creating a secure authentication mechanism for various application requests. This includes requests to SCIM endpoints and Lightrun Integrations, such as Prometheus integration endpoints. For more information, see [Lightrun System API Keys](/api-keys/).

#### JVM Agent: JDK 21 Support

<sup>On-Premise: Introduced in this version | SaaS: From version 1.24</sup>

The Lightrun JVM agent now supports JDK 21.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue related to the performance of the Lightrun LogOptimizer tool. 
- Fixed multiple internal bugs and security vulnerabilities in the Lightrun server.