# Version 1.5

## Version 1.5.3

Release Date: June 19, 2022 (SaaS and On Premise)

### Bug Fixes
- Fixed Windows OS Node.js agent installation instructions on the Management Portal.
- Fixed disabled metrics action in the Lightrun submenu when you right-click on the Lightrun action gutter icons in the JetBrains IDE.


## Version 1.5

Release Date: May 30, 2022 (SaaS and On Premise)

### Features & Changes

#### Web IDEs

- Lightrun now supports web IDEs, including [VSCode for the web](https://vscode.dev), [VSCode code server](https://github.com/coder/code-server), and [JetBrains Projector](https://lp.jetbrains.com/projector/). See [Lightrun for vscode.dev](/vscode/vscode-dev/) and [Lightrun for code server](/vscode/code-server/) for more information.

#### JetBrains Plugin

- We have made user interface improvements to the JetBrains plugin. The Lightrun and Lightrun Snapshot tool windows have been redesigned to improve user engagement and stickiness. The new updates are currently in private beta and will gradually roll out over the next few weeks. See the new [New JetBrains plugin quick tour](/getting-around/) for more information.

#### Python Agent

- The python agent now supports Apple silicon macs. This means that you can now create Lightrun actions (dynamic logs, and snapshots) using the Python agent directly in your M1, M1 Pro, or M1 max MacBooks.  See the python agent [system requirements](/python/system-requirements/) for more information.
 
- We have added support for specifying `base_dir` parameters in the python agent configuration. Files in the directories specified in the python `base_dir` configuration parameter will have a higher priority in case of name conflicts. This parameter is very helpful in solving the python `Multiple modules matching %` error. See the [python agent configuration](/python/agent-configuration/) and [python troubleshooting guide](/troubleshooting/#common-error-messages_1) for more information.

#### JVM Agent

- The JVM agent now supports Apple silicon macs. This means that you can now create Lightrun actions (dynamic logs, snapshots, and metrics) using the JVM agent directly in your M1, M1 Pro, or M1 max MacBooks.  See the JVM agent [system requirements](/jvm/system-requirements/) for more information.

- Lightrun's JVM agent now supports ASM9 Java bytecode.

#### Management Portal

- We have added a service configuration property called **Default Piping** that can be used to configure an organization's default agent output routing in the Management portal. See [Service configuration](/service-configuration/) for more information.

- UI improvements for the Management portal.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed security vulnerabilities in Lightrun server.
- Fixed authentication issues in the JetBrains plugin.
- Improved agent performance under stress conditions (10,000 agents)
- Fixed absent gutter icon in VSCode IDE when an action FILENAME comprises the folder name, i.e., folder/filename, not the file name alone.

