# Version 1.6

## Version 1.6

Release Date: July 19, 2022 (SaaS and On Premise)

### Features & Changes

#### Node Agent

- Previously, the Node.js agent quota had a default `MaxConditionCost` of `0.01` and a `MaxCPUCost` of `0.03`. The default values have now been increased to `1.0`  for  `MaxConditionCost` and `1.0` for `MaxCPUCost`. For more information, see [Node.js agent quota configuration](/node/agent-configuration/#quota). 

#### Python Agent

- Previously, the Python agent quota had a default `max_condition_cost` of `0.1` and a `max_log_cpu_cost` of `0.1`. The default values have now been increased to `1.0` for  `max_condition_cost` and `1.0` for `max_log_cpu_cost`. For more information, see [Python agent configuration parameters](/python/agent-configuration/#configuration-parameters).

- Lightrun plugins now send the full path of a Python file to the Lightrun Python agent instead of the filename only. This option is enabled by default and helps to solve the Python agent `Multiple modules matching %` error. For more information, see [Python agent troubleshooting guide](/troubleshooting/).

#### JVM Agent

- Previously, the JVM agent quota had a default `max_condition_cost` of `0.1` and a `max_log_cpu_cost` of `0.1`. The default values have now been increased to `1.0` for `max_condition_cost` and `1.0` for `max_log_cpu_cost`. For more information, see [JVM agent flags configuration](/jvm/agent-configuration/#agent-flags).

#### GitHub1s and GitHub.dev support

- The Lightrun VSCode.dev plugin now supports [GitHub1s](https://github.com/conwnet/github1s) and [GitHub.dev](https://github.com/github/dev) web editors. For more information, see [Lightrun for VSCode.dev](/vscode/vscode-dev/). 

#### Management Portal

- We have added a service configuration property called **Source Version Warnings Enabled** that allows users with `ROLE_MANAGER` permissions to disable IDE `source version warnings` to all users in their organization. For more information, see [Service configuration](/service-configuration/).

- UI/UX improvements to the Multi-tenant SSO user flows.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed VSCode plugin expired access token not automatically refreshing.
- Fixed new users are assigned different company IDs when they register with Google in their invite link.
- Fixed `lightrun.enable` not working when using the Python multiprocessing library in fork mode.
