# Version 1.8

## Version 1.8.3

Release Date: November 29, 2022 (SaaS)

### Features & Changes

#### JetBrains Plugin

- We have increased the JetBrains plugin request timeout value. This increase will help to prevent client-side socket timeout errors thrown when a heavy snapshot hit is captured.

- The performance of the Jetbrains plugin Lightrun snapshot tool window has been improved. Snapshot hits load faster, and we have made it easier to navigate between hits in the improved tool window.

#### Node Agent

- We have fixed some security vulnerabilities found in the Node.js agent.
- We have fixed a bug in the Node.js agent lightrun serverless module that causes  AWS Lambda functions to crash.

#### Management Portal

- We have made UI improvements to the Management Portal registration page.
- Editing a user role in the Lightrun Management Portal no longer requests a password change.
- The `Max Snapshot Variables Depth` service configuration property has been removed from the management portal.


## Version 1.8

Release Date: November 6, 2022 (SaaS and On Premise)

### Features & Changes

#### General

- We have added a new Lightrun action source option called Custom Sources. A Custom Source is a dynamic group of agents and tags defined by a set of conditions, like a shared property. Using a Custom Source, you can create a dynamic list of similar agents and tags depending on the set conditions and simultaneously apply Lightrun Logs, Metrics, and Snapshots to the list. For more information, see [Custom Sources](/actions/custom-sources/).

#### JetBrains Plugin

- We have made user interface improvements to the JetBrains plugin. Design enhancements have been made to the JetBrains plugin entry UI; you can now right-click on an error balloon to view more information about the error and search a Snapshot stack trace and variables.

#### VSCode Plugin

- We have implemented a filter only my actions feature that allows you to display only actions created by you, and snapshot data are now default sorted by recently hit.

#### JVM Agent

- We have added support for Invoke Dynamic to the Lightrun JVM agent. This feature, when enabled, allows a user to add expressions or conditions whose bytecode contains invokedynamic instruction to a Lightrun action. This includes Java expressions and conditions containing Lambda expressions and String concatenations using the ‘+’ character. For more information, see [Invokedynamic](/jvm/agent-configuration/#invokedynamic-support).

- The exception monitoring feature has been removed from the Lightrun JVM agent.
- The JVM agent is now compatible with custom log handlers like the [SLF4J](https://www.slf4j.org/) handler. For more information, see the [JVM agent configuration](/jvm/agent-configuration/#agent-flags).

#### Python Agent

- The Lightrun Python agent now supports Python 3.10.0 on Alpine Linux.
- We have added a new Python agent configuration property called `max_snapshot_buffer_size_in_bytes`. This property allows users to control the Lightrun Python agent snapshot buffer size. For more information, see [Python agent configuration](/python/agent-configuration/).

#### Node Agent

- We have added a Node.js agent module called lightrun_serverless for running Lightrun with Serverless Frameworks. The Lightrun serverless module wraps around serverless functions and ensures the Lightrun agent is enabled before starting the serverless function. It also disables the Lightrun agent when the function call finishes. For more information, see [Serverless Functions](/node/frameworks/serverless).

#### Management Portal

- UI/UX improvements for the Management portal.

- We have added a new Service configuration property called `Max Snapshot Variables Depth`. This property allows users with `ROLE_MANAGER `permissions to configure the amount of data displayed in snapshot variables directly from their Management Portal. For more information, see [Service configuration](/service-configuration/).

- We have added more events to the Lightrun audit logs. For more information, see [Audit System Use](/audit-use/).

- We have added the Lightrun Python agent Windows installation script to the On-Prem web UI.


### Bug Fixes

- Fixed incorrect Typescript agent installation instructions in the Management Portal.
- Fixed clicking on a snapshot frame navigates users to a different class. 
- Fixed Java agent `lightrun_extra_class_path` configuration not working in windows.
- Fixed Python serverless decorator not working.
- Fixed error messages do not appear for expressions with errors in the VSCode plugin.
- Fixed Python agent snapshot containing variables from third-party packages.
- Fixed security vulnerabilities in the Lightrun server.
- Fixed Lightrun actions not default sorted by newer actions in plugins.

