# Version 1.9

## Version 1.9

Release Date: January 2, 2023 (SaaS)

### Features & Changes

#### General

- We have extended our PII redaction capabilities to support redacting data from Lightrun based on the Variable name. In previous versions, you could only redact data from Lightrun by providing the regex value for the data. With this release, you can prevent Lightrun from evaluating snapshots and logging sensitive data by providing the Variable's name. For more information, see [PII redaction](/data-security/#pii-redaction).

- Snapshot data sent from the Lightrun server to IDE plugins are now compressed in the server and undergo lazy decompression in the plugin before being presented to a user. This process helps to decrease snapshot hits loading time, display larger variable tree depth, eliminate the `max depth` error, lower memory consumption, and improve performance. 

#### JVM Agent

- We have added support for running our Java agent on Linux and Alpine operating systems using the ARM processor.

#### VSCode Plugin

- The performance of the VSCode plugin Lightrun Snapshots tab has been improved. Snapshot hits load faster, and we have made it easier to navigate between hits in the improved tab.

#### JetBrains Plugin

- We have implemented a filter only my actions feature in the JetBrains plugin that allows you to display only actions created by you.

- Clicking on the “Snapshot taken!” notification now opens the JetBrains Snapshot Console with the relevant hit.

- You can now view a list of your recently used conditions in the JetBrains plugin.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed copying variables from snapshot in VSCode plugin does not include inner objects.
- Fixed refactored NPE shown after tagged snapshots are deleted.
